README.md, before:

# PROJECT SKYRIM
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/27007797/198385604-5258bfdf-76ec-449d-b196-ad4fffab9410.png)

---

<h3 align="center">
   <a href="https://discord.gg/qEfeWVjDgJ/"><img alt="Discord"src="https://www.freepnglogos.com/uploads/discord-logo-png/discord-logo-logodownload-download-logotipos-1.png" width="50" height="50"></a> ︱
<a href="https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/76466"><img alt="Nexus" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/781dbc058383a2ee8259ebbab057292f16172d5e/topics/nexus-mods/nexus-mods.png" width="50" height="50"></a> ︱
<a href="https://www.patreon.com/charolas?utm_medium=clipboard_copy&utm_source=copyLink&utm_campaign=creatorshare_creator"><img alt="Patreon" src="https://decentered.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/patreon-logo-png-badge-7.png" width="50" height="50"></a>
</h3>
<hr>



- [PROJECT SKYRIM](#project-skyrim)
  - [Preamble](#preamble)
  - [System Requirements](#system-requirements)
    - [Minimum Specs](#minimum-specs)
    - [Recommended Specs](#recommended-specs)
    - [Pagefile Configuration](#pagefile-configuration)
  - [Installation](#installation)
     - [Pre-Installation](#pre-installation)
       - [Installing Microsoft Visual C++ Redistributable Package](#installing-microsoft-visual-c-redistributable-package)
       - [Installing Microsoft .NET 5.0](#installing-microsoft-net-50)
       - [Websites & Programs](#websites--programs)
       - [Clean Skyrim](#clean-skyrim)
       - [Start Skyrim](#start-skyrim)
       - [Steam Library](#steam-library)
       - [Set the Game Language to English](#set-the-game-language-to-english)
       - [Download & INIs](#download--inis)
     - [Wabbajack Installation](#wabbajack-installation)
  - [Starting The Game](#starting-the-game)
  - [Noteworthy Mods](#noteworthy-mods)
      - [Combat Overhauls](#combat-overhauls)
      - [Playstyle Overhauls](#playstyle-overhauls)
      - [Immersive & Survival Overhauls](immersive-survival-overhauls)
      - [Quests](#quests)
   
### [Discord](https://discord.gg/qEfeWVjDgJ) | [Download](https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/76466)
# Preamble

**PROJECT SKYRIM** is a modlist that is content and gameplay oriented, ***focusing on expansions, overhauls, and healthy adjustments to the systems and features that exist in Skyrim***, while expanding to become the most diverse. It focuses on gameplay, world space add-ons, quests, etc. 

**PROJECT SKYRIM** also comes with an adult content addon, that is completely unintrusive.

**`Which means that nothing will appear on your face without you wishing for it to happen, you can completely ignore, however, you must be of legal age to play PROJECT Skyrim, that is 18 in some countries and 21 in others, is up to you to know your country age requirements.`**

**`You still need to download mods from Loverlabs for installation process`**




# System Requirements

With the performance mode options being available, exact minimum requirements is hard to nail down, you may need to change INI files with lower systems.


### **Minimum Specs**
| CPU        | GPU   |  RAM  | Performance|
| ------------- |:-------------:| :-----:| :-----:|
| Ryzen 5 3600      | Nvidia GTX 1080 | 16GB RAM DDR4 | 40 FPS |




### **Recommended Specs**
| CPU        | GPU   |  RAM  | Performance|
| ------------- |:-------------:| :-----:| :-----:|
| Ryzen 5 5600x      | RTX 3070 TI | 16GB RAM DDR4 | 60 FPS |

**You also need**
- 340GB for Install 
- 190GB for Download

**Notes**
- There is very low difference between High and High Optimized in terms of visuals, but you can get more FPS. 
- All inis will change and vary depending on the specific area you are on game due to SKSE Plugins that will cover it for more FPS
- You can change the INI files, specially the resolution, either to cover higher resolutions such as 1440p or to reduce it so that NIS will increase it's performance
- It's not recommended to play this modlist at 4K due to the lack of mod support to the widescreen fix.

## Pagefile Configuration
  1. Press **Windows + R** on your keyboard
  2. Type **sysdm.cpl ,3**
  3. press **Enter**
  4. Under the Performance section, press **'Settings'**
  5. Click the **Advanced** tab at the top
  6. at the Virtual memory section press **'Change...'**
  7. Disable **'Automatically manage paging file size for all drives'**
  8. Click **"Custom size:"**
  9. Set a custom size for the drive Skyrim is installed on with a mininum of at least **20480MB** (40960MB if higher)
  10. Click Set
  11. Click apply & OK
  12. Press Yes to restart
  13. Restart your computer.
<br>

### THIS IS NOT OPTIONAL, YOU CANNOT SKIP THIS STEP EVEN IF YOU HAVE 256 GB OF RAM.


# Installation
This is a precise and easy-to-install tutorial about the mod list Project Skyrim. We aim to streamline the process and help you to remove any doubts about the installation.
## Pre-Installation

### **Install SSE Creation Kit (Steam)**

Please install SSE Creation Kit into your Skyrim installation (from steam), it's as simply as downloading a DLC, just search it in your steam library and download it.

### **Installing Microsoft Visual C++ Redistributable Package**

I doubt you need to do this since you likely already have this installed. The package is required for MO2, and you can download it from **[Microsoft](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/2977003/the-latest-supported-visual-c-downloads)**. Download the x64 version under "Visual Studio 2015, 2017 and 2019". **[Direct link](https://aka.ms/vs/16/release/vc_redist.x64.exe)** if you can't find it.
### **Installing Microsoft .NET 5.0**

Please ensure you have .NET v5.0 installed (**EVEN IF YOU HAVE .NET 6.0 INSTALLED**). The game will not launch if you do not have it installed. Download the **desktop app x64 AND console app x64 installers** from Microsoft [here](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet/5.0/runtime).


<a href="https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet/5.0/runtime"><img alt="Microsoft" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/27007797/198383090-15ce8391-fbc0-49a9-acb8-94b36ce3a811.png" width="555" height="294"></a>

### Websites & Programs
- [Loverslab Account](https://www.loverslab.com/)
- [Vector plexus Account](https://vectorplexis.com/)
- [Nexus Account (Premium recommended)](https://www.nexusmods.com/)
- [Wabbajack](https://www.wabbajack.org/)
- [Skyrim Special Edition (Steam)](https://store.steampowered.com/app/489830/The_Elder_Scrolls_V_Skyrim_Special_Edition/) **Wabbajack will downgrade for you automatically (SE/AE)**

### <sub>**Loverslab requires a VPN for some users, some countries cannot access Loverslab (Japan, Thailand etc.)**</sub>

### Clean Skyrim
Start with a fresh install of [Skyrim Special Edition or Anniversary Edition](https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition). You should also clean up the Skyrim Special Edition folder in Documents/My Games/ by deleting its contents. Installing on an SSD is recommended but an HDD will work as well.

### Start Skyrim
Start the game and exit once you're in the main menu. This will ensure any settings files needed by Wabbajack are created in the Skyrim directory.


### Steam Library

If you have your Steam library in Program Files, read [this](https://github.com/LostDragonist/steam-library-setup-tool/wiki/Usage-Guide) to put it somewhere else.
I will not provide support to people with Skyrim in their Program Files folder.
Locations like Documents, Downloads, Desktop, or OneDrive are NOT fine. The best location would be `C:\SteamLibrary` if you have a single drive, or whichever Drive Letter you have on your main Games drive. Such a location is also called the "root of the drive."

### Set the Game language to English

Just do it. This entire Modlist is in English and 99% of all mods you will find are also in English. I highly recommend playing the game in English and **I will not give support to people with a non-English game**.

Open the Steam Properties window, navigate to the _Language_ tab and select _English_ from the dropdown menu.


### Download & INIs
[Download Project Skyrim and the INI files here](https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/76466/?tab=description)
<br>
# Wabbajack Installation

Make sure you have performed all steps listed under Pre-Installation before continuing with the installation.

1. Create three new folders in your drive: "Project Skyrim", "Wabbajack" and "Wabbajack Downloads" like so:

![unknown (1)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/116535023/197645646-cdc7d058-43c0-403f-80cb-038ea317f0cb.png)

2. Open the downloaded Project Skyrim.rar file. To do that you can use a program like 7zip (https://www.7-zip.org/download.html). Extract the files inside to your "Wabbajack" folder.

3. Copy the Wabbajack files (https://github.com/wabbajack-tools/wabbajack/releases) to your folder "Wabbajack", it should include Wabbajack.exe and wabbajack-cli.bat

4. Open Wabbajack.exe in your "Wabbajack" folder. 
   - a) Click the cog/settings button at the top right, and login to your three accounts on Lovers Lab, Nexus Mods, and Vector Plexus. Do NOT skip this mini-step.

   - b) Click "Install From Disk" and go to your "Wabbajack" folder, select the "Project Skyrim.wabbajack" file.

   Set your paths like so:

![unknown (2)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/116535023/197653641-485bf04f-a8e1-48b1-853f-367baa510366.png)

5. Some mods will have to be downloaded manually. It will pop up a window with the site to download the mod from. At the top, it will tell you which file exactly to download.

   If you have downloaded the wrong one it will let you know at the end. Don't panic. 

   If there is an error or it closes, you won't need to re-download mods you have already downloaded.

![unknown (3)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/116535023/197653934-0827c09e-a077-4d3d-b94d-a39a3a6c9004.png)
 

6. When Wabbajack is done downloading the Project Skyrim modlist, there may be some missing mods, giving you an error.
Wabbajack will let you know which mods have issues in the log at the bottom left.

   Our community has compiled a list of certain mods that give our users trouble and have them within the links below.

   Attempt the first link and if there are still any fails or missing files, try using files in the second.

   For ENB series fails, you may need the version in the third link.

   https://mega.nz/folder/GJlikaaK#32hVjzlHyaQWk7xYnjb7Rg
 
   https://mega.nz/folder/TbRRhSYQ#qQLHnpMEY8goog3Rgrd6aw

   https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1006677323338231889/1042584876198678549/enbseries_skyrimse_v0477_d26249d19428145edbc69fa85ad77970ffc12a725f923e37b8a9d71774ca5703_.zip

   Simply download any that you had an issue with and move them to the Wabbajack download directory and re-attempt installation.

   If you are still having issues, feel free to hit up our support channel in the discord server.

7. Once you have finished installing the modlist without errors, you can open your "Project Skyrim" folder, and create a shortcut for Mod Organizer.

8. You are now on the final steps!

   Open your folders like so, "Project Skyrim" -> "profiles" -> "Default" 
   The directory address should look like in the image below:

   Open the INI files .RAR file you downloaded, and copy the files inside it into the folder. Overwrite the existing files.

![unknown (4)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/116535023/197654286-85c3f5f4-63e3-4ede-adb3-080ce06e48c1.png)

9. You can now launch Project Skyrim from Mod Organizer by clicking the "Run" button at the top right. Make sure "SKSE" is selected. The first boot might take a while to get going, so be patient.

   If your downloads tab in MO2 looks like this, do not be alarmed.

   Wabbajack does not download meta files (these files give you info about what you did to the mod). MO2 generates default meta files for each mod and looks at it. But yes, everything is fine.

![unknown (5)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/116535023/197654365-cf1a1737-cd2a-4514-a19b-2dbdffe49bd2.png)


# Starting The Game

Follow these instructions whenever you start a new playthrough:
   
   Start a new game, and wait around 3-5 minutes (depending on your specs and FPS) to allow the scripts to load, if you don't do this, things might break due to lack of time to configure itself, THIS IS VERY IMPORTANT, DON'T SKIP THE WAITING TIME, then proceed as usual.
   
   To start the game, open your MCM menu and go into the first mod 00.Skyrim Unbound, there you can configure everything you need for your journey, and then in the first page of it, press "begin adventure", that will spawn you in a room for character creation, after creating your character press enter (or select the "continue" option in the message box), this will spawn you in the world 

   OR

   Simply press enter to have everything random and automatically enter the character creation room.
   
   Open MCM / mod Configuration again, scroll down to My home is your home (MYHYH), open the menu and tick "Configuration Book".
   
   Open MCM / mod Configuration again, scroll down to Shadows of Skyrim (Optional), click it. Then click on general, and then on enable. Confirm the pop up to close and wait.



# Noteworthy Mods

### Combat Overhauls
- Valhalla Combat
- Chocolate Poise
- MCO/ADXP + SCAR
- Elden Rim AIO (with Elden Rim Power)
- Combat AI
- Elden Counter / Elden Parry

### Playstyle Overhauls
- Ordinator
- Mysticism
- Sacrilege 
- Growl
- Thaumaturgy
- Apothecary
 Wintersun 
- Skyrim Classes
- Morningstar
- Mundus Stones

### Immersive & Survival Overhauls
- Sunhelm
- Campsite
- Honed Metal
- Sidequests of Skyrim
- Bandit dialogue expansion  
- More to say
- Misc Dialogue Edits
- RDO
- GDO
- Immersive Speach Dialogues
- JS Misplaced Septims
- JS Tripwires
- JS Rugs, etc.
- Immersive Interactions
- Eating Animations
- Animated Poison/Potions
- Gesture Animation Remix
- NPCs Animation 
- Moon And Stars
- Splashes of Storms
- Rainbows
- Shooting Stars
- Storm Lightning


### Quests
- Legacy of the Dragonborn SSE
- VIGILANT / UNSLAAD / GLENMORIL
- Beyond Skyrim: BRUMA
- The Wheels of Lull
- Identity Crisis
- The Tale of Tsatampra Xiros
- All of the "Quest Expansion" Package alongside with some "Good Guys" and the famous alternatives like "Save the Ice Runner" and "Adoption Without Murder"



If anything happens to Charolas and he cannot continue PROJECT Skyrim, anyone is free to continue as long as they contact the team (or the team can continue if they wish to do so), any remaining funds that Charolas did not redeemed can be shared between the team members.

Commit message:

Updated notes - there is no High Optimized in the inis on nexus. - no issues at 4k?

README.md, after:

# PROJECT SKYRIM
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/27007797/198385604-5258bfdf-76ec-449d-b196-ad4fffab9410.png)

---

<h3 align="center">
   <a href="https://discord.gg/qEfeWVjDgJ/"><img alt="Discord"src="https://www.freepnglogos.com/uploads/discord-logo-png/discord-logo-logodownload-download-logotipos-1.png" width="50" height="50"></a> ︱
<a href="https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/76466"><img alt="Nexus" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/781dbc058383a2ee8259ebbab057292f16172d5e/topics/nexus-mods/nexus-mods.png" width="50" height="50"></a> ︱
<a href="https://www.patreon.com/charolas?utm_medium=clipboard_copy&utm_source=copyLink&utm_campaign=creatorshare_creator"><img alt="Patreon" src="https://decentered.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/patreon-logo-png-badge-7.png" width="50" height="50"></a>
</h3>
<hr>



- [PROJECT SKYRIM](#project-skyrim)
  - [Preamble](#preamble)
  - [System Requirements](#system-requirements)
    - [Minimum Specs](#minimum-specs)
    - [Recommended Specs](#recommended-specs)
    - [Pagefile Configuration](#pagefile-configuration)
  - [Installation](#installation)
     - [Pre-Installation](#pre-installation)
       - [Installing Microsoft Visual C++ Redistributable Package](#installing-microsoft-visual-c-redistributable-package)
       - [Installing Microsoft .NET 5.0](#installing-microsoft-net-50)
       - [Websites & Programs](#websites--programs)
       - [Clean Skyrim](#clean-skyrim)
       - [Start Skyrim](#start-skyrim)
       - [Steam Library](#steam-library)
       - [Set the Game Language to English](#set-the-game-language-to-english)
       - [Download & INIs](#download--inis)
     - [Wabbajack Installation](#wabbajack-installation)
  - [Starting The Game](#starting-the-game)
  - [Noteworthy Mods](#noteworthy-mods)
      - [Combat Overhauls](#combat-overhauls)
      - [Playstyle Overhauls](#playstyle-overhauls)
      - [Immersive & Survival Overhauls](immersive-survival-overhauls)
      - [Quests](#quests)
   
### [Discord](https://discord.gg/qEfeWVjDgJ) | [Download](https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/76466)
# Preamble

**PROJECT SKYRIM** is a modlist that is content and gameplay oriented, ***focusing on expansions, overhauls, and healthy adjustments to the systems and features that exist in Skyrim***, while expanding to become the most diverse. It focuses on gameplay, world space add-ons, quests, etc. 

**PROJECT SKYRIM** also comes with an adult content addon, that is completely unintrusive.

**`Which means that nothing will appear on your face without you wishing for it to happen, you can completely ignore, however, you must be of legal age to play PROJECT Skyrim, that is 18 in some countries and 21 in others, is up to you to know your country age requirements.`**

**`You still need to download mods from Loverlabs for installation process`**




# System Requirements

With the performance mode options being available, exact minimum requirements is hard to nail down, you may need to change INI files with lower systems.


### **Minimum Specs**
| CPU        | GPU   |  RAM  | Performance|
| ------------- |:-------------:| :-----:| :-----:|
| Ryzen 5 3600      | Nvidia GTX 1080 | 16GB RAM DDR4 | 40 FPS |




### **Recommended Specs**
| CPU        | GPU   |  RAM  | Performance|
| ------------- |:-------------:| :-----:| :-----:|
| Ryzen 5 5600x      | RTX 3070 TI | 16GB RAM DDR4 | 60 FPS |

**You also need**
- 340GB for Install 
- 190GB for Download

**Notes**
- There is very low difference between High and Medium in terms of visuals, but you can get more FPS. 
- All inis will change and vary depending on the specific area you are on game due to SKSE Plugins that will cover it for more FPS
- You can change the resolution in the SkyrimPrefs.ini (make sure to use the ini used by the Mod Organizer that is installed during the Wabajack installation. It should be located at ProjectSkyrim\profiles\Default). If you need more frames you can always decrease the resolution, it will be scaled up to fullscreen by default.

## Pagefile Configuration
  1. Press **Windows + R** on your keyboard
  2. Type **sysdm.cpl ,3**
  3. press **Enter**
  4. Under the Performance section, press **'Settings'**
  5. Click the **Advanced** tab at the top
  6. at the Virtual memory section press **'Change...'**
  7. Disable **'Automatically manage paging file size for all drives'**
  8. Click **"Custom size:"**
  9. Set a custom size for the drive Skyrim is installed on with a mininum of at least **20480MB** (40960MB if higher)
  10. Click Set
  11. Click apply & OK
  12. Press Yes to restart
  13. Restart your computer.
<br>

### THIS IS NOT OPTIONAL, YOU CANNOT SKIP THIS STEP EVEN IF YOU HAVE 256 GB OF RAM.


# Installation
This is a precise and easy-to-install tutorial about the mod list Project Skyrim. We aim to streamline the process and help you to remove any doubts about the installation.
## Pre-Installation

### **Install SSE Creation Kit (Steam)**

Please install SSE Creation Kit into your Skyrim installation (from steam), it's as simply as downloading a DLC, just search it in your steam library and download it.

### **Installing Microsoft Visual C++ Redistributable Package**

I doubt you need to do this since you likely already have this installed. The package is required for MO2, and you can download it from **[Microsoft](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/2977003/the-latest-supported-visual-c-downloads)**. Download the x64 version under "Visual Studio 2015, 2017 and 2019". **[Direct link](https://aka.ms/vs/16/release/vc_redist.x64.exe)** if you can't find it.
### **Installing Microsoft .NET 5.0**

Please ensure you have .NET v5.0 installed (**EVEN IF YOU HAVE .NET 6.0 INSTALLED**). The game will not launch if you do not have it installed. Download the **desktop app x64 AND console app x64 installers** from Microsoft [here](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet/5.0/runtime).


<a href="https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet/5.0/runtime"><img alt="Microsoft" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/27007797/198383090-15ce8391-fbc0-49a9-acb8-94b36ce3a811.png" width="555" height="294"></a>

### Websites & Programs
- [Loverslab Account](https://www.loverslab.com/)
- [Vector plexus Account](https://vectorplexis.com/)
- [Nexus Account (Premium recommended)](https://www.nexusmods.com/)
- [Wabbajack](https://www.wabbajack.org/)
- [Skyrim Special Edition (Steam)](https://store.steampowered.com/app/489830/The_Elder_Scrolls_V_Skyrim_Special_Edition/) **Wabbajack will downgrade for you automatically (SE/AE)**

### <sub>**Loverslab requires a VPN for some users, some countries cannot access Loverslab (Japan, Thailand etc.)**</sub>

### Clean Skyrim
Start with a fresh install of [Skyrim Special Edition or Anniversary Edition](https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition). You should also clean up the Skyrim Special Edition folder in Documents/My Games/ by deleting its contents. Installing on an SSD is recommended but an HDD will work as well.

### Start Skyrim
Start the game and exit once you're in the main menu. This will ensure any settings files needed by Wabbajack are created in the Skyrim directory.


### Steam Library

If you have your Steam library in Program Files, read [this](https://github.com/LostDragonist/steam-library-setup-tool/wiki/Usage-Guide) to put it somewhere else.
I will not provide support to people with Skyrim in their Program Files folder.
Locations like Documents, Downloads, Desktop, or OneDrive are NOT fine. The best location would be `C:\SteamLibrary` if you have a single drive, or whichever Drive Letter you have on your main Games drive. Such a location is also called the "root of the drive."

### Set the Game language to English

Just do it. This entire Modlist is in English and 99% of all mods you will find are also in English. I highly recommend playing the game in English and **I will not give support to people with a non-English game**.

Open the Steam Properties window, navigate to the _Language_ tab and select _English_ from the dropdown menu.


### Download & INIs
[Download Project Skyrim and the INI files here](https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/76466/?tab=description)
<br>
# Wabbajack Installation

Make sure you have performed all steps listed under Pre-Installation before continuing with the installation.

1. Create three new folders in your drive: "Project Skyrim", "Wabbajack" and "Wabbajack Downloads" like so:

![unknown (1)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/116535023/197645646-cdc7d058-43c0-403f-80cb-038ea317f0cb.png)

2. Open the downloaded Project Skyrim.rar file. To do that you can use a program like 7zip (https://www.7-zip.org/download.html). Extract the files inside to your "Wabbajack" folder.

3. Copy the Wabbajack files (https://github.com/wabbajack-tools/wabbajack/releases) to your folder "Wabbajack", it should include Wabbajack.exe and wabbajack-cli.bat

4. Open Wabbajack.exe in your "Wabbajack" folder. 
   - a) Click the cog/settings button at the top right, and login to your three accounts on Lovers Lab, Nexus Mods, and Vector Plexus. Do NOT skip this mini-step.

   - b) Click "Install From Disk" and go to your "Wabbajack" folder, select the "Project Skyrim.wabbajack" file.

   Set your paths like so:

![unknown (2)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/116535023/197653641-485bf04f-a8e1-48b1-853f-367baa510366.png)

5. Some mods will have to be downloaded manually. It will pop up a window with the site to download the mod from. At the top, it will tell you which file exactly to download.

   If you have downloaded the wrong one it will let you know at the end. Don't panic. 

   If there is an error or it closes, you won't need to re-download mods you have already downloaded.

![unknown (3)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/116535023/197653934-0827c09e-a077-4d3d-b94d-a39a3a6c9004.png)
 

6. When Wabbajack is done downloading the Project Skyrim modlist, there may be some missing mods, giving you an error.
Wabbajack will let you know which mods have issues in the log at the bottom left.

   Our community has compiled a list of certain mods that give our users trouble and have them within the links below.

   Attempt the first link and if there are still any fails or missing files, try using files in the second.

   For ENB series fails, you may need the version in the third link.

   https://mega.nz/folder/GJlikaaK#32hVjzlHyaQWk7xYnjb7Rg
 
   https://mega.nz/folder/TbRRhSYQ#qQLHnpMEY8goog3Rgrd6aw

   https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1006677323338231889/1042584876198678549/enbseries_skyrimse_v0477_d26249d19428145edbc69fa85ad77970ffc12a725f923e37b8a9d71774ca5703_.zip

   Simply download any that you had an issue with and move them to the Wabbajack download directory and re-attempt installation.

   If you are still having issues, feel free to hit up our support channel in the discord server.

7. Once you have finished installing the modlist without errors, you can open your "Project Skyrim" folder, and create a shortcut for Mod Organizer.

8. You are now on the final steps!

   Open your folders like so, "Project Skyrim" -> "profiles" -> "Default" 
   The directory address should look like in the image below:

   Open the INI files .RAR file you downloaded, and copy the files inside it into the folder. Overwrite the existing files.

![unknown (4)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/116535023/197654286-85c3f5f4-63e3-4ede-adb3-080ce06e48c1.png)

9. You can now launch Project Skyrim from Mod Organizer by clicking the "Run" button at the top right. Make sure "SKSE" is selected. The first boot might take a while to get going, so be patient.

   If your downloads tab in MO2 looks like this, do not be alarmed.

   Wabbajack does not download meta files (these files give you info about what you did to the mod). MO2 generates default meta files for each mod and looks at it. But yes, everything is fine.

![unknown (5)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/116535023/197654365-cf1a1737-cd2a-4514-a19b-2dbdffe49bd2.png)


# Starting The Game

Follow these instructions whenever you start a new playthrough:
   
   Start a new game, and wait around 3-5 minutes (depending on your specs and FPS) to allow the scripts to load, if you don't do this, things might break due to lack of time to configure itself, THIS IS VERY IMPORTANT, DON'T SKIP THE WAITING TIME, then proceed as usual.
   
   To start the game, open your MCM menu and go into the first mod 00.Skyrim Unbound, there you can configure everything you need for your journey, and then in the first page of it, press "begin adventure", that will spawn you in a room for character creation, after creating your character press enter (or select the "continue" option in the message box), this will spawn you in the world 

   OR

   Simply press enter to have everything random and automatically enter the character creation room.
   
   Open MCM / mod Configuration again, scroll down to My home is your home (MYHYH), open the menu and tick "Configuration Book".
   
   Open MCM / mod Configuration again, scroll down to Shadows of Skyrim (Optional), click it. Then click on general, and then on enable. Confirm the pop up to close and wait.



# Noteworthy Mods

### Combat Overhauls
- Valhalla Combat
- Chocolate Poise
- MCO/ADXP + SCAR
- Elden Rim AIO (with Elden Rim Power)
- Combat AI
- Elden Counter / Elden Parry

### Playstyle Overhauls
- Ordinator
- Mysticism
- Sacrilege 
- Growl
- Thaumaturgy
- Apothecary
 Wintersun 
- Skyrim Classes
- Morningstar
- Mundus Stones

### Immersive & Survival Overhauls
- Sunhelm
- Campsite
- Honed Metal
- Sidequests of Skyrim
- Bandit dialogue expansion  
- More to say
- Misc Dialogue Edits
- RDO
- GDO
- Immersive Speach Dialogues
- JS Misplaced Septims
- JS Tripwires
- JS Rugs, etc.
- Immersive Interactions
- Eating Animations
- Animated Poison/Potions
- Gesture Animation Remix
- NPCs Animation 
- Moon And Stars
- Splashes of Storms
- Rainbows
- Shooting Stars
- Storm Lightning


### Quests
- Legacy of the Dragonborn SSE
- VIGILANT / UNSLAAD / GLENMORIL
- Beyond Skyrim: BRUMA
- The Wheels of Lull
- Identity Crisis
- The Tale of Tsatampra Xiros
- All of the "Quest Expansion" Package alongside with some "Good Guys" and the famous alternatives like "Save the Ice Runner" and "Adoption Without Murder"



If anything happens to Charolas and he cannot continue PROJECT Skyrim, anyone is free to continue as long as they contact the team (or the team can continue if they wish to do so), any remaining funds that Charolas did not redeemed can be shared between the team members.
